[Music]
all right so we are going to talk about
how Grimes is reshaping the future of AI
generated content so let me St set the
stage for this one someone made AI
generated music around the artist Grimes
who was with Elon for a while I believe
they had a baby her take on it was oh
this AI generated content well you know
what you can keep it up just give me 50%
of the proceeds and you know I'm just
going to use it to continue to expand my
reach see I I I look at it two different
ways if you're upand coming you're not
generating a lot of income and I'm not
saying this is Grimes I don't think she
has to worry if she has a child with
Elon mus I'm pretty sure uh she's
financially taken care of and I'm not
saying that she can't do well on her own
I'm just saying uh based on laws I'm
pretty sure Elon being the world's
richest man or second world's richest
man I don't know what rank he is at
currently I'm pretty sure he's providing
for his own children when when you look
at if you're artist and you're not
making that much money sure why wouldn't
you want
50% but on the flip side Eric if I was a
really really popular celebrity like a
Drake a weekend a Tom Cruz or whoever it
may be it's not just about the money
it's about the
quality I wouldn't want stuff being put
out there that doesn't match the quality
of my brand because I believe and I have
no data against this because we haven't
seen enough of it I believe it is going
to hurt my future reeven potential
because people will associate my name
with crap then and a great example of
this is dude do you remember a lot of
the celebrities and I'm not going to
name any because I don't want to pick on
them and I respect them for you know
business and just making money but do
you remember some of the celebrities
back in the day that would just produce
amazing movies you know them a lot of
them live in Ur neck of the woods and
now a lot of them just crank out movies
and they'll just crank out whatever for
the paycheck and now when they create
new movies even though they used to have
a big name no one cares to see their
movies because they'll crank out one or
two a year low quality the storyline
suck the acting isn't great even though
they're a great actor actress just the
quality isn't there and their brand is
in essence tarnish from a revenue aspect
if you're looking to create a high
Blockbuster quality movie that's a good
point Winnie deoo actually became open
or creative comments or whatever it's
called exactly but people could do
whatever they wanted with Wendy the PO I
remember seeing something where it's
like a Winnie the Pooh horror movie or
maybe it's a Barney but point being that
is affecting the brand right dude people
will start making sexual stuff and
they'll go overboard with this Winnie
the Pooh stuff I bet you right I didn't
know that Winnie the Pooh is creative
comments but you start doing that people
get do some freaky weird stuff and it'll
start tarnishing the brand for kids if
it's high quality stuff if it passes a
test and then maybe there's some type of
algorithm that says this passes the test
this makes my brand look good then go
ahead let's do a 50/50 but if it doesn't
pass certain criteria that I'm looking
for then that's that's a no-o and you
need to take it down yes and I I think
what will happen in the long run it'll
be up to the artist or the Creator in
which it's up to them if something stays
or goes just like right now and if
something stays and they want to leave
it there they should have a right to
make money uh because it is their brand
their voice their face their image or
likeness whatever you want to end up
calling now if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to answer
them and help you if you enjoyed the
video like it share it tell people about
it thank you very much